---
title: "HUAWEI Pura X HANDS-ON REVIEW: Game changing design for Flip Foldables?"
slug: "huawei-pura-x-hands-on-review-game-changing-design-for-flip-foldables"
featured_image: "./image/download-8.jpg"
date: "2025-04-04T10:00:35"
---
spent a staggering ₹23.75 crore in the mega auction to get him back. It was the
third-highest price tag behind Rishabh Pant ( ₹27 crore) and Shreyas Iyer (
₹26.75 crore). Venkatesh has been a consistent performer for KKR ever since
making his debut midway through 2021. Barring a disappointing season in 2022,
the left-hander has scored more than 350 runs in every year. But the spotlight
was never quite on him like it has been this year, simply because of his price
tag. KKR had exhausted their full retention quota by holding back Rinku Singh,
Varun Chakarvarthy, Andre Russell, Rinku Singh, Harshit Rana and Ramandeep Singh
but Iyer’s auction towered over them all.

spent a staggering ₹23.75 crore in the mega auction to get him back. It was the
third-highest price tag behind Rishabh Pant ( ₹27 crore) and Shreyas Iyer (
₹26.75 crore). Venkatesh has been a consistent performer for KKR ever since
making his debut midway through 2021. Barring a disappointing season in 2022,
the left-hander has scored more than 350 runs in every year. But the spotlight
was never quite on him like it has been this year, simply because of his price
tag. KKR had exhausted their full retention quota by holding back Rinku Singh,
Varun Chakarvarthy, Andre Russell, Rinku Singh, Harshit Rana and Ramandeep Singh
but Iyer’s auction towered over them all.