---
title: "sky" 
slug: "sky"
featured_image: "https://crazy-haibt.173-209-53-178.plesk.page/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/DALL·E-2025-02-03-12.06.05-A-high-quality-abstract-background-image-with-a-deep-green-104c34-color-scheme-featuring-smooth-gradients-and-subtle-geometric-patterns.-The-desig.webp"
date: "2025-03-26T09:54:43"
---
AAMIR DOESN’T BELIEVE IN TRENDS

“A lot of people in mainstream cinema gauge what people like and decide to cater
to that. It is a natural reaction because you are working so hard, putting in a
lot of time and money, and what if the audience doesn’t like it? It is a valid
concern. But as a creative person, I haven’t thought like that. Whenever a story
comes to me that I like a lot, I put all my heart into it believing that
audiences will react the same way as I perceive the story, as a human being,”
the actor said.


AAMIR WONDERED IF SHAH RUKH AND SALMAN SENT NITISH TO END HIS CAREER

Sharing an interesting anecdote about Dangal, the actor said, “When Nitish
(Tiwari) came to discuss the story, I told him it is a fantastic film and I want
to do it, but I can’t right now. I am fresh out of Dhoom 3 looking like a
million bucks. My body fat is 9.67 and you want me to play a fat 55-year-old,
father of four daughters?,” the actor said with a laughAamir doesn’t believe in
trends

“A lot of people in mainstream cinema gauge what people like and decide to cater
to that. It is a natural reaction because you are working so hard, putting in a
lot of time and money, and what if the audience doesn’t like it? It is a valid
concern. But as a creative person, I haven’t thought like that. Whenever a story
comes to me that I like a lot, I put all my heart into it believing that
audiences will react the same way as I perceive the story, as a human being,”
the actor said.


AAMIR WONDERED IF SHAH RUKH AND SALMAN SENT NITISH TO END HIS CAREER

Sharing an interesting anecdote about Dangal, the actor said, “When Nitish
(Tiwari) came to discuss the story, I told him it is a fantastic film and I want
to do it, but I can’t right now. I am fresh out of Dhoom 3 looking like a
million bucks. My body fat is 9.67 and you want me to play a fat 55-year-old,
father of four daughters?,” the actor said with a laughAamir doesn’t believe in
trends

“A lot of people in mainstream cinema gauge what people like and decide to cater
to that. It is a natural reaction because you are working so hard, putting in a
lot of time and money, and what if the audience doesn’t like it? It is a valid
concern. But as a creative person, I haven’t thought like that. Whenever a story
comes to me that I like a lot, I put all my heart into it believing that
audiences will react the same way as I perceive the story, as a human being,”
the actor said.


AAMIR WONDERED IF SHAH RUKH AND SALMAN SENT NITISH TO END HIS CAREER

Sharing an interesting anecdote about Dangal, the actor said, “When Nitish
(Tiwari) came to discuss the story, I told him it is a fantastic film and I want
to do it, but I can’t right now. I am fresh out of Dhoom 3 looking like a
million bucks. My body fat is 9.67 and you want me to play a fat 55-year-old,
father of four daughters?,” the actor said with a laugh