---
title: "Web Hook Testing" 
slug: "web-hook-testing"
featured_image: "https://crazy-haibt.173-209-53-178.plesk.page/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/artworks-6slOoDBveQDpznHN-5Ndayw-t500x500.jpg"
date: "2025-03-26T11:40:02"
---
To devise the “safety index by country for 2025,” Numbeo rated 146 nations based
on the overall level of crime as “derived from surveys conducted by visitors” to
their website. Numbeo factored in survey responses about how safe residents feel
while walking during the day and night. They also accounted for worries over
“mugging, robbery, car theft, physical attacks by strangers, harassment in
public places, and discrimination based on factors like skin color, ethnicity,
gender or religion.”

To devise the “safety index by country for 2025,” Numbeo rated 146 nations based
on the overall level of crime as “derived from surveys conducted by visitors” to
their website. Numbeo factored in survey responses about how safe residents feel
while walking during the day and night. They also accounted for worries over
“mugging, robbery, car theft, physical attacks by strangers, harassment in
public places, and discrimination based on factors like skin color, ethnicity,
gender or religion.”

To devise the “safety index by country for 2025,” Numbeo rated 146 nations based
on the overall level of crime as “derived from surveys conducted by visitors” to
their website. Numbeo factored in survey responses about how safe residents feel
while walking during the day and night. They also accounted for worries over
“mugging, robbery, car theft, physical attacks by strangers, harassment in
public places, and discrimination based on factors like skin color, ethnicity,
gender or religion.”

To devise the “safety index by country for 2025,” Numbeo rated 146 nations based
on the overall level of crime as “derived from surveys conducted by visitors” to
their website. Numbeo factored in survey responses about how safe residents feel
while walking during the day and night. They also accounted for worries over
“mugging, robbery, car theft, physical attacks by strangers, harassment in
public places, and discrimination based on factors like skin color, ethnicity,
gender or religion.”

To devise the “safety index by country for 2025,” Numbeo rated 146 nations based
on the overall level of crime as “derived from surveys conducted by visitors” to
their website. Numbeo factored in survey responses about how safe residents feel
while walking during the day and night. They also accounted for worries over
“mugging, robbery, car theft, physical attacks by strangers, harassment in
public places, and discrimination based on factors like skin color, ethnicity,
gender or religion.”